Update error window troubleshooting (#1812)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/net/winforms/controls-design/designer-errors.md

---
title: Design-time error troubleshooting

> description: Learn about some of the common errors that occur when the Windows Forms Designer fails to load. This article may help you troubleshoot those errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about some of the common errors that occur when the Windows Forms Designer fails to load. This article might help you troubleshoot those errors.
```

[!INCLUDE [desktop guide under construction](../../includes/desktop-guide-preview-note.md)]

## Error window

The error window is made up of various parts.

- Yellow bar

  The yellow collapsible bar is created for every error, grouped by description. The bar describes the compiler error preventing the designer from loading property. It includes these details:

>   - The file error resides in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The file the error resides in.
```

  - The column and row in the file where the error occurs.
  - An error code.
  - A description of the error.
  - A link to navigate directly to the error.

- Instances of this error

>   When the yellow error bar is expanded, each instance of the error is listed. Many error types include an exact location in the following format: _\<project name>_ _\<form name>_ Line:_\<line number>_ Column:_\<column number>_. If a call stack is associated with the error, you can select the **Show Call Stack** link to see it. Examining the call stack may further help you resolve the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the yellow error bar is expanded, each instance of the error is listed. Many error types include an exact location in the following format: _\<project name>_ _\<form name>_ Line:_\<line number>_ Column:_\<column number>_. If a call stack is associated with the error, you can select the **Show Call Stack** link to see it. Examining the call stack might further help you resolve the error.
```

  > [!IMPORTANT]

>   > The elements of an error may vary based on the code language you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > The elements of an error might vary based on the code language you're using.
```

- Help with this error

>   If a help article for the error is available, select the **MSDN Help** link to navigate directly to the help page.

Reviewer: It seriously says "MSDN"?

- Forum posts about this error

>   Select the **Search the MSDN Forums for posts related to this error** link to navigate to the old Microsoft Developer Network forums. You may want to search or ask a question on the [Microsoft Q&A](/answers/tags/21/windows-forms) or [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/winforms) forums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Select the **Search the MSDN Forums for posts related to this error** link to navigate to the old Microsoft Developer Network forums. You might want to search or ask a question on the [Microsoft Q&A](/answers/tags/21/windows-forms) or [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/winforms) forums.
```

## What to try first

> Much the time an error can be cleared by cleaning and rebuilding the project or solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can often clear an error by cleaning and rebuilding the project or solution.
```

01. Find the **Solution Explorer** window.
01. Right-click on the solution or project, and select **Clean**.
01. Right-click on the solution or project, and select **Rebuild**.

> You can also try to delete the _bin_ and _obj_ folders from the project folder. This may clear a temporary file that doesn't seem to get cleaned and may cause a **restore** action to happen, fixing a bad dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also try to delete the _bin_ and _obj_ folders from the project folder. This might clear a temporary file or cause a **restore** action to happen, fixing a bad dependency.
```
